Russians across the country took to the
streets to participate in a so-called
day of wrath those who oppose the
current social and economic policies of
the government demanded protection of
their constitutional rights artis gonna
teach Cayenne was at the frontline of
one of the rallies there say they're
against the lawlessness in Russia's road
police they're handing out these
stickers basically saying we're against
the authorities actions and the
Federation of car owners in Russia that
has launched this protest is actually
putting forward a whole package of
demands before the government actually
the windows of the government building
are looking right at this place they
want the government to fix the
crookedness of Russia's police they came
up with a whole package of demands one
of them did strike a raw nerve here and
that is the increase in car tax which is
the annual fee you have to pay to keep
your car on the road and in Russia the
bigger the engine the more you pay
people think it's unfair and they demand
the car tax is included in the cost of
petrol we talked to people here and
here's what they say yes nothing like I
wanted to buy a better car a Ford Focus
with a better engine but now I can't
afford it good news here is that the law
on cart X could be revised the proposal
on including contacts into the price of
petrol is now being considered by the
Russian parliament it certainly does
make sense for these people a similar
protest has taken place in the city of
Kaliningrad recently more than 10,000
people gathered to say no to the
prospect of a 10-fold tax increase there
in the region eventually the regional
court cancelled the drastic boost and
left it on the level of the year 2008
people here also demand to cut import
duties on cars it has been drastically
increased to boost domestic car
production protesters say they have the
right to choose what cars to drive also
a big issue here is police corruption
people talk about how little they trust
police and
easy it is to broader them they even
want policemen to take lie detector
tests model in yellow we want police not
to look at a person's wallet first and
then decide whom to blame the car
accident because that's what so often
happens I usually miss Pretoria what's
happening is that they pass laws that
feed the police in the most corrupt way
that's what I protest against and here i
also ran into people who were not
protesting or anything they were just
watching you're just doing research yeah
it's okay so what do you think it's
definitely less populated than English
manifestations and they're saying if
their demands are not fulfilled they
could start a vote of no confidence in
the government and many of those are
talk to we're actually ready to sign